Privacy Policy Effective Date: 1st Jan 2022, We are here to make an important statement that we value patient privacy and we make it our priority concern.
We are committed to take all necessary and reasonable steps to protect the privacy of your information and will only disclose such information to Health Providers and Medical Facilities that identify you as a potential patient for the purpose of the Services offered. We created this privacy statement in relation to your use of the Site and/or Services (the “Privacy Policy”) to provide you with clarity and transparency on how we collect, use, disclose and safeguard your private information and your right to privacy.

1. Personal Information We Collect and Use Subject to creating a User account in accordance with our Terms of Use, at the time of registration, you will be required to provide information about yourself, which may include, but is not limited to,

(a) personal information, such as your name, gender, date of birth;
(b) contact information, such as your email address, physical address, phone number, etc.;
(c) medical or health insurance information, such as insurance company, insurance plan, member ID;
(d) medical information, such as names of Health Providers, professionals, Medical Facilities, history of previous medical visits, current medical needs; in addition to other personal information or health related information that you choose to share with us or that is required to allow us to provide the Services to you (collectively, the "Personal Information"). You may still access and use some of the Services if you choose not to provide us with any Personal Information, but some features of the Services may not be accessible to you if you choose not to provide us with required Personal Information. As you submit your Personal Information, you agree to engage us to maintain your account for you so that you may then search and select Health Providers and securely communicate with your Health Providers about booking and related Services. By submitting your Personal Information, you specifically authorize Unicorn Studios, its directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors and others operating on its behalf to use or disclose your Personal Information (or someone else’s Personal Information on their behalf whom you have authorization to provide such information) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You agree that your Health Provider may use this Personal Information to contact you via SMS directly regarding your appointment or any other Services. You further agree to provide Unicorn Studio swith your current contact information, including mobile number, and take all reasonable steps to notify Unicorn Studios if and when this information changes. You may be required to provide Personal Information or other information about your visit to the Health Provider to be able to use the feature of requesting a medical report (“Medical Report”) which will only be available in hard copy for pick-up upon notification. You can request, and in doing so, you authorize Unicorn Studios to provide this information to your chosen Health Provider. You acknowledge and agree that such information will be reviewed and approved by you or someone authorized by you at the time of your appointment to ensure its accuracy. You also acknowledge that Unicorn Studios may use the data or information you provide in a Medical Report in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that if you provide any Personal Information of any family member or relative through your User account for the purposes of the Services offered, such conduct constitutes the affirmative acknowledgement and agreement of the particular family member or relative and their consent to the Terms of Use and Unicorn Studios may use, collect and/or disclose such family members’ Personal Information in accordance with terms of this Privacy Policy.

2. Collection of Billing Information As you make a payment through our Services to a Health Provider, your payment card information is processed by a third-party payment processing partner. Our payment processing partner collects your provided payment card information necessary to process your payment. Such third-party’s use and storage of information it collects is governed by its applicable terms of service and privacy policy.

3. Collection of Traffic Data We also may automatically collect certain data when you use the Services, such as
(a) IP address;
(b) domain server;
(c) type of devices used to access the Services;
(d) web browsers used to access the Services;
(e) webpage or other source through which you accessed the Services from;
(f) geolocation information and other statistics and information associated with the interaction between your browser or device and the Services (“Traffic Data”).
4. How We Collect Your Information We collect information, including Personal Information, Billing Information and Traffic Data (“Collected Information”), when you use and interact with the Services, and in some cases from third party websites. Such means of data collection include the following: - when you use the Services’ interactive tools and services, such as searching for Health Providers, searching for available appointments with Health Providers and completing requested forms prior to Health Provider appointments; - when you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes through the Services or through responses to surveys, questionnaires, ratings and other; - if you download and install certain applications and software we make available, we may receive and collect information transmitted from your computing device for the purpose of providing you the relevant Services, such as information regarding when you are logged on and available to receive updates, reminders, alert or notices; - if you download our mobile application or use a location-enabled browser, we may receive information about your location and mobile device, as applicable; - through cookies, web beacons, website analytics services and other tracking technology; - when you use the “Contact Us” function on the Site, send us an email or contact us by any mean.

5. How We Use Collected Information Unicorn Studio sonly uses Collected Information to facilitate providing the Services to including booking, modifying, cancelling appointments, requesting medical reports, and communicating with Health Providers. In addition, Unicorn Studiosmay use Collected Information to send you notifications, reminders, alerts, or notices and other related activities to the Services, and promotions from time to time. Aside from using such information to provide the Services, Unicorn Studiosmay use them to help improve the Services, develop new Services, and to advertise for Unicorn Studiosin other websites. Specifically, such use may include but is not limited to any of the following: - provide you with Services or information you inquire about or request; - respond to emails and correspondences we receive from you; - send you customized emails or to show you Sponsored Results; - send you notifications about Services, Health Providers, Medical Facilities or other resources and Contents that may be of interest to you, according to your preferences; - contact you for any activity related to the Services, such as sending you reminders for upcoming appointments, sending you alerts to pick up your requested Medical Report, or notices regarding any activity occurring on your account; - enhance your user experience, perform business analysis and improve or expand our Services; and - prevent and investigate security cases and potential unauthorized or illegal activities.

6. Disclosure of Collected Information Unicorn Studios will take reasonable measures to disclose any of the Collected Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and as necessary to perform the Services. Some of the Collected Information may be disclosed as the following: - certain Personal Information may be shared or disclosed to your selected Health Providers with whom you book appointments. Unicorn Studioswill only disclose personally identifiable information to facilitate your communication between you and your Health Provider. - your Personal Information may be shared or disclosed to your relevant insurance company to determine eligibility, cost-sharing obligations, and obtain benefit plan information on your behalf. - your Personal Information and Traffic Data may be shared or disclosed with third-party partners who perform necessary operational services, such as billing, data storage, insurance verification, security, Website analytics, and/or who make certain services features available to our Users. - your information may be transferred or provided to another company in the event of a merger, sale, acquisition or change of ownership or control by or of Unicorn Studios, whether in whole or in part. Upon such occurrence, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you before your information becomes subject to different terms and privacy policies. - Unicorn Studiosmay be required disclose your Personal Information or any Collected Information if, upon Unicorn Studios’s sole discretion in good faith, such disclosure is important to (a) comply with applicable laws, regulations, or court judgement; (b) protect any right entitled to you, Unicorn Studios, or any other party; (c) enforce this Agreement; (d) to the extent necessary to respond to any action as a result of any posting or content that violates third-party rights. In no event will any content in open reviews, ratings or online discussion be private and is treated as public information. Unicorn Studiosreserves the right to disclose such information in any way and by any means it deems appropriate. We encourage you to review any Personal Information you chose to disclose publicly, as Unicorn Studiosis unable to control any use of such information by third parties.

7. We Securely Store and Safeguard Collected Information Unicorn Studios undertakes to perform all necessary measures to meet strong data storage and security standards. A secure server is used to store Collected Information or any sensitive information you submit to us, protect its transmission through firewalls and encrypt it via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. Although we attempt to security store and safeguard your information, we do not guarantee the security of your information and cannot prevent any breaches by third parties. If we have reasonable doubts that your information has been compromised, will try to promptly notify you of the situation

8. Changes and Updates Unicorn Studios reserves the right to modify and revise this Privacy Policy or any of its other policies that it may post from time to time and in its sole discretion. Any modifications will be deemed effective immediately and incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy or any other policies. Upon any such change, Unicorn Studioswill provide the amended terms on the Site and may also attempt to notify you via other means. Unicorn Studiosencourages you to periodically review the Site for updates, as they may involve important changes affecting your legal rights. You acknowledge and agree that your continued access to or use of the Site and/or Services after the effective date of any modifications to this Privacy Policy or any other policies constitutes your affirmative acceptance of the modifications. If at any time you choose not to accept this Privacy Policy after such modifications, then you must stop using the Site and/or Services. 9. How to Contact Us If you have any comments, concerns or inquiries about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through our “Contact Us” page
